Add flashing and debugging chapter (#25)
LibreSolar/learn.libre.solar: docs/development/flashing_debugging.md

1. Using a **programmer** and a dedicated hardware interface on the board to communicate with the microcontroller.

2. Via a **bootloader** using communication interfaces that are used for other purposes during normal operation of the device.

Both methods will be explained in more detail below.

## Programmer

In most cases the chip is programmed while it is already soldered onto the board, called In-System-Programming (ISP). For very large production quantities, the initial version of the firmware (or only the bootloader) can be programmed already to the microcontroller by its manufacturer before soldering it to the board.

For ISP, the microcrontroller has to be set into programming mode (e.g. via the reset pin) and special connectors or pin headers are needed to access the programming interface of the microcontroller.

Microcontrollers based on ARM Cortex-M like the STM32 series feature the Serial Wire Debug (SWD) interface for programming and debugging. This is the most common architecture for 32-bit Microcontrollers and is also used in the Libre Solar charge controllers and other devices, so the following sections focus on programming via SWD.

### ST-Link

> For development with STM32 microcontrollers, usually the ST-Link in-circuit debugger is used for programming. All **ST Nucleo development boards** include an **integrated ST-Link/V2** debug adapter. The boards are very cheap and allow not only firmware upgrade but also debugging via the SWD interface (see also chapter [Debugging](flasing_debugging.md#debugging)).

Reviewer: The link does'nt work,
```suggestion
For development with STM32 microcontrollers, usually the ST-Link in-circuit debugger is used for programming. All **ST Nucleo development boards** include an **integrated ST-Link/V2** debug adapter. The boards are very cheap and allow not only firmware upgrade but also debugging via the SWD interface (see also chapter [Debugging](flashing_debugging#debugging)).
```

The Libre Solar boards usually contain a 5-pin or 6-pin header with the same pin-out as the SWD connector on the ST-Link/V2 of the Nucleo boards. In addition to that, you can use the **serial interface** built-in to the Nucleo board to transfer debug information via an additional 2-pin connector.

Before you can flash the software, the device needs to be powered, either via USB or the battery.

> The same pins of the SWD connector on both boards should be connected with jumper wires. Pin 1 is usually marked with a small dot netx to the connector. The following table gives an overview of the connector pinout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same pins of the SWD connector on both boards should be connected with jumper wires. Pin 1 is usually marked with a small dot next to the connector. The following table gives an overview of the connector pinout:
```
